[me narrating a documentary about narrators] "I can't hear what they're saying cuz I'm talking"

Telling my daughter garlic is good for you. Good immune system and keeps pests away.Ticks, mosquitos, vampires... men.

I've been going through a really rough period at work this week It's my own fault for swapping my tampax for sand paper.

If I could have dinner with anyone, dead or alive... ...I would choose alive. -B.J. Novak-

Two guys walk into a bar. The third guy ducks.

Why can't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box. Heyooooooo

Why was the musician arrested? He got in treble.

Did you hear about the guy who blew his entire lottery winnings on a limousine? He had nothing left to chauffeur it.

What do you do if a bird shits on your car? Don't ask her out again.

He was a real gentlemen and always opened the fridge door for me

Telling my daugthers date that "she has lice and its very contagious the closer you get to her." *Correct way to parent.

What should you do before criticizing Pac-Man? WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes

What's the difference between an illegal Mexican and an autonomous robot...? Nothing... they were both made to steal American jobs.

What do you call a barbarian you can't see? an Invisigoth.

How do you spell Canda? C,eh,N,eh,D,eh

You ever notice that the most dangerous thing about marijuana is getting caught with it?

What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say at the abortion clinic? Hasta last vista, baby.

My wife is in a bad mood. I think her boyfriend forgot their anniversary. Way to go, dude. Now we all suffer...

My speech today will be like a mini-skirt. Long enough to cover the essentials but short enough to hold your attention!

Thanksgiving joke What does Miley Cyrus eat for Thanksgiving? Twerky! Just kidding... Drugs. She eats drugs. -Adam Zopf @adamzopf

Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? 'Cause they are freaking good at it

How did the blonde die raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.

"That guy is such a douche-bag! Is he single? Maybe I can fix him!"  women

My son just got a tattoo of a heart, a spade, a club, and a diamond, all without my permission. I guess I'll deal with him later.

What do you call a potato in space? Spudnik

How to get a cop's attention

What happens to a necrophiliac after death? Reserection

Why did the chicken hold a seance? To get to the other side.

Where do baby cows go to eat lunch? At the calf-eteria.

What's the difference between a painting and Jesus. You only require one nail to put up the painting.

Mom: "Do you want this?" Me: "No." Mom: "Ok I'll give it to your brother." Me: "No I want it."

How do you fit 4 gays on one barstool? Flip it over!

I am looking forward to 6pm Thanksgiving Day when Walmart opens its doors for its annual sale of trampled human corpses.

Yttrium-barium-copper oxide walks into a bar The bartender tells him, "We don't serve superconductors here." He leaves without resistance.

A guy pick up a woman Then he puts her down

Every night, I take all of the singles out of my wallet, spread them on the bed, and pretend I was pretty that day.

Which gospel contains Jesus' parable about the shades of numbers? Math hue.

Ibuprofen is my favorite headache medicine that also sounds like a reggae professor.

Ted Cruz getting elected.

Before I destroy a wasp's nest I like to capture a single wasp and tell it my entire diabolical plan.

What's Al-Qaeda's favorite American football team? The New York jets.

INTERVIEWER: Why do you want to work here? ME: *crumbs tumbling from my mouth* Oh, I don't. I was just walking by and saw you had donuts.

Coming on valentines day. Fifty shades of grey. There won't be a dry seat in the cinema.

Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison? He's a small medium at large.

Someone didnt click the button in /r/thebutton Yeah... Thats a good joke , he impossible!

What's the difference between a car tyre, and 365 condoms? One's a Goodyear, an the other's a great year.

Roses are red, Violets are blue. I have a gun. Get in the van.

I've struggled for years to be above the influence... But I've never been able to get that high

With Facebook, you can stay in touch with people you would otherwise never talk to, but that's only one of the many awful things about it

What's the difference between a blonde and a washer? When you dump your load in a washer, it doesn't follow you around for a week.

Have you ever heard of the movie "Constipation"? No? Most likely because it never came out.

What's black, blue and doesn't look too well? Stevie Wonder

I saw a French rifle on eBay today It's never been fired but I heard it was dropped once.

What did the car said to the valet? I've been through a lot.

Bill Clinton must be the luckiest man in the world. All of the sex he has, with Hillary, you know it's hate sex.

yeah girl.. shake that thing where poop comes out of. it really turns me on when your poop factory shakes faster than usual

"I can't stand when people say they hate both of the presidential candidates." --Stephen Hawking

A Mexican fireman had twin boys He named them Jose and Hose B

I was drinking at the bar, so I took a bus home. That may not be a big deal to you, but I've never driven a bus before!

Donald Trump will ban the sale of shredded cheese He wants to make America grate again

Things have really turned around for me since I re-named my penis and testicles "JD Power and Associates".

My sex face is the same as my first pee in three hours face.

My cat just walked by me carrying a toy mouse I don't remember buying her. Women be shoppin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Why did the Xbox owner cross the road? To fuck your mom.

Sometimes you check the amount of subscribed people. When you do this, there are 4,111,093,0003.666 "humorists". 2/3rds of a person? Really?

I don't believe in Bigfoot; because he never believed in me. I'd scan the crowd at my ballet recitals, and always see that one empty seat.

What did the porn actress say when she opened the door? Make sure to come upstairs.

I don't judge people based on color, race, religion, sexuality, or gender...I base it on whether or not they're an asshole.

Why were the baker's hands brown? Because he kneaded a poo.

Not to get too technical, but chemistry says alcohol IS a solution. So I win.

I often think if I'd taken a different path in life, I could be lying on a slightly more comfortable sofa right now.

I'm terrible at telling jokes... I always punch up the fuck lines

What did the hillbilly say to his sister after she asked him to have sex with her? If you incest.

"You know what, we need a huge spoon to take care of this" -Guy who invented shovels

How to keep the flies off the bride at an Italian wedding Keep a bucket of shit next to her

What do grandparents smell like? "Depends"

7% of all hearing loss is a result of sitting in a restaurant next to a table full of women who just received dessert.

What do people from the 1930's and /r/news jokes have in common? They're both old.

I like my slaves like I like my coffee Fair Trade.

ME: I fell off a 50 ft tall ladder once GIRL: holy cow how did you survive ME: I fell off the bottom rung

What do you call a blind dinosaur? A do-think-he-saurus :) !! Lol What do you call a blind dinosaurs dog? A do-you-think-he-saurus-rex

I just bought a very tiny amphibian for a pet. It's my-newt!

This may be not be a mainstream opinion, but I don't believe you should cut down a Christmas tree unless you intend on eating it.

Jenna Jameson to Oprah, "There's a little bit of Jenna Jameson in everyone." I'm pretty sure she got that backwards.

Even after 20 years, Jared Fogle is still getting into smaller and smaller jeans.

I have a degree in men's studies. It's called "world history". #TRUMP 2016! YOU CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP!

Why don't most fans like the first 39 episodes of DBZ? Its pretty gay, just Saiyan.

My ex-wife still misses me... But her aim is gettin better.

This doctor once told me eating a bagel was like eating 5 slices of bread and I was like ok, cool, I like bread

What do you call a three-humped camel? Pregnant (Told to me by one of the kids at work)

What did the two tampons say to each other? Nothing, they're both stuck-up cunts.

What do you call Jay-Z having a leg transplant? A hip-hop hip op.

What defies the law of gravity? Women. They heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up.

Everything has to be related in a woman: if the mouth shuts, the legs open.

Wanna hear a pun about long hair? Rapunzel.

"I'm so pissed I could punch a ba-" "A what?" Big Baby from Toy Story 3 hovers over me, sawed-off shotgun in hand. "A bagel. I HATE carbs."

What's the difference Donald Trump and my Vagina? One's a Cunt and the other has nice hair.

My doctor had to put me on a new medication that's supposed to help lower the amount of karate in my blood

[uses the restroom] Wife: make sure to put the toilet seat down Me: okay Me: [to toilet seat] you're worthless and nobody likes you

Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a supermarket trolley? A: The supermarket trolley has a mind of its own.

You know... When someone says to you "Jesus loves you." It's always comforting. Unless you are in a Mexican jail.

When I hear "This call is being monitored for quality assurance" I think "Cool, let's see how bad this person wants their job."

You know what the definition of "competitive" is? Finishing first *and* third in a circlejerk.

How do you know if your wine was made in the 90's? It smells like teen spirit.

What was the name of Paul Revere's favorite porno mag? The British are Coming

[car wreck] [hand reaches out] "Take my hand. I'm Chad Kroeger from the popular band Nickelback." [I let the flames slowly bake me alive]

Just waiting for Steve Harvey to come out and say it's actually Clinton any second now

Chicken Why did the chicken cross the road? Why? To go to the gay guys house Knock knock Who's there? The chicken

Teacher: Why do we put a hyphen in a bird-cage?  Pupil: For a parrot to perch on miss.

I visited Amsterdam this summer, and decided to have sex with a prostitute. It was an overall positive experience. Sadly, it was an HIV positive experience.

Yup. If pasta & antipasta ever touch, they annihilate. For your safety, that's why restaurants never serve them together.

Alcohol is like Lysol for feelings, it won't kill all of them.

When my wife takes a nap, it's "desperately needed rest." When I do, it's "lazy chauvinist party-time."

"Update the Force, young Skywalker" Said Adobe Wan Kenobi.

lookin for a quick and easy way to beef up that scrawny bod and really turn some heads at the beach? float dead in a lake

TIL A ref can show a player the red card for a loud fart ... even if it isn't Messi.

What did the wise man say to the fat guy? You should probably go on a diet.

Who is better? The 3rd wave feminist or the pencil? The pencil is better. It has a point.

Guys, I think I found the Cure to Aids! It requires having a Magic Johnson.

Why do you call a Mexican midget a paragraph? ...because he's too short to be called an essay.

This morning I had a swollen testicle. "I'd have simply preferred toast," I told my wife.

"What's that?" A divorce jar. Every time we fight you put a dollar in and I'm a little bit closer to freedom. *puts in dollar* "WTH!?!"

What do you call a blonde in a BMW? Optional.

If you have a parrot and you don't teach it to say,"Help, they've turned me into a parrot." you are wasting everybody's time.

My 8 y/o memorized my 12 character password that has upper and lowercase letters, numbers and symbols but can't remember to flush the toilet

What do you call a racist dog from Animal Crossing? KKK Slider

Me: waiter, do you have frog legs? Waiter: of course monsieur Me: good, hop over there and get me a beer

It's comforting to know that the US government works the same way as a college student when it comes to deadlines... They both wait until the last minute, then get an extension.

What did the man with The World's Largest Penis say when he had to have his legs amputated "Don't worry, I still have my third one."

What's the worse thing to do to a blind person? Leave a plunger in the toilet

When I was interviewed for a job in the chemistry department, they asked me if I had lab experience. I said I was more of a cat person.

There are two types of people in this world. And I hate them both.

I'd give these pigeons some bread but they'd probably just spend it on drugs.

Two skeptics walk into a bar.. I'd tell you what happens next but noone knows

Everytime you pull the trigger a bullet loses its job...HAHAHAHA! Because it gets FIRED. HAHAHA! *I'm in tears*

In China the labels read, "Made by someone you know."

It would be great to be born on Earth and die on Mars. Preferably not on the point of impact.

You could be a "Before" model.

Descartes walks into the bar. The bartender asks him, "will you have your usual tonight?" Rene replies "I think not" and he disappears.

Anyone want to hear my Human Centipede joke? Nah, I won't tell you it. It sucks ass.

My dog can predict when an earthquake is going to happen. But television doorbell versus actual doorbell baffles him every time.

My favorite knock knock joke. I need someone to start it ... Someone start the knock knock joke ...

My Parents asked me what i wanted for christmas... I said i want something to wear and something to play with. So they got me a pair of pants with the pockets cut out.

With 10K characters, I can finally get into great detail about how I'm not allowed at the company family picnic any more!

[at my funeral] So young, how did he die? He ran into oncoming traffic after walking past a group of adults saying the word "bae"

Stealing my little brother's (fellow Redditor) original joke, hope he sees it and is pissed. What do you get when you cross a pig and a Christmas tree...? A Porky-Pine

What do you call a frisbee that's more than a friend? Frisbae

What does a sheep say after walking into a disgusting, dirty bar? Ew.

What's the best part of a pregnancy joke? The delivery.

I lost my virginity to a retarded girl last night. I wanted it to be special

What is the biggest compliment you can pay at a gay bar? Pushing in somebody's stool.

What is your best "Yo mama" joke?

What's a pirate's favourite type of weaponry? It's ARRRtillery! bonus: A pirate's favourite melee weapon? A scimitARRR

Hey, who did you vote for?... I wrote in Michael J. Fox. I think he can really shake things up!

I once had a crippiling masturbation addiction... ...now i have a sex addiction, could you say my addiction has gotten out of hand?

Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.

Why did the Mexican take his Xanax? For hispanic attacks.

*Guy tries giving me his phone number* Me: Oh no thank you. I already have one

I'm glad it's the thought that counts because I spend all day thinking about the shit I should be doing.

A man balks in a war He is discharged for dereliction of duty and takes up drinking.

Instead of calling them flyover states we should call them comments section.

A triangle exploded and a piece hit me. It was a 60-debris angle.

Yo mama so lazy she thinks a two-income  family is where yo daddy has two jobs.

Does a cow give milk? No, they have to take it from her

Breaking Bad is my favorite documentary about what it takes to be an entrepreneur while balancing family life.

My black cat just ate my four leaf clover. That can't be good.......

Why can't a bike stand on it's own? Because it is two tired.

What did the gay guy say to his lover when they were going on vacation? "Hey, can you help me pack my shit?"

Coworker: Stop Me: collaborate and listen Coworker: Don't Me: you forget about me Coworker: Hey! Me: teacher, leave them kids alone

What's an extroverted accountant? One who looks at your shoes while he's talking to you instead of his  own.

Why are hillbilly murders hard to solve Because they all share the same DNA

My house is really small until I can't find my phone.

Dear President Obama, I've got a joke for you... I texted it to Angela Merkel. Did you... *get it*?

Sorry, but breaking up with you on facebook was the best way of letting all your friends know I'm available.

I don't understand women. I also don't understand how a car works but I still drive it.

What are the 3 stages of sex after marriage? Tri-weekly Try Weekly and Try Weakly

How do they calculate global warming? Al-gore-ythms

What happens when Turkeys get the common cold? They quit smoking.

The hands that help others in need are holier than the lips that pray.

What do gays and melons have in common? cantaloupe...

My girlfriend is great in bed... But I don't know how my best friend would know that.

What do you call a Jedi who worries about not making deadlines? Panickin' Skywalker.

Why did the composer go to the chiropractor? Because he had Bach problems

[Justice League HQ] SUPERMAN: Looks like Batman is hungry tonight MOTHMAN: [visibly sweating] I think I'll just fight daytime crimes

If we attacked Turkey from the rear... ...do you think Greece would help?

A sheep, a drum and a snake fall down a cliff badum tss

My favourite word is snigger It allows me to be sracist without speople sthinking I'm a sbad sperson

How do you hide an elephant in a fridge? You remove his slippers and open the door . You put him inside. You close the door and take the slippers away.

Pete and repeat are in a boat Pete and repeat are brothers. Pete falls overboard, who's left?

What do you call a green cow in a field? Invisibull.

What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say to the gym manager when he was joining a new gym? I'll re-rack.

You're shoes are untied! April fools! Got ya!!

Right now a group of women at a baby shower are simultaneously saying, "Awwww..." while some knocked up chick holds up a tiny pair of socks.

Gentlemen test At least most tests have the decency to ask me my name, before they fuck me.

What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.

I went in to hospital for an operation... I asked the anaesthetist if I could administer the needle myself, and he said: "Sure, knock yourself out".

A piece of shit walks into a bar It's my dad... My dad is a piece of shit.

What's a snakes favourite dance ? The mamba !

What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off!

What is the last thing that tickle-me elmo gets before he leaves the factory? Two test tickles

What do you get when you cross a sheep stealer with royalty? Mutton Looter King

An Indian redditor gets an arranged marriage. He turns to his partner and says: "Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!"

What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? ..........Nothing you've already told her twice!

I'd kill for a microwave that plays Europe's "The Final Countdown" during the last 30 seconds.

Did you hear about the skeleton who didn't go to prom? He had no body to go with.

What do you call it when a jugaloo sleeps with his girlfriend after a fight? Make up sex.

How does a baboon make phone calls? He just monkeys around on the line!

Kids are like farts. You don't mind your own, but others peoples are just unbearable

Over the past year, my sexual fetishes have been slowly getting more perverse. But it wasn't until I spanked a statue that I realised I'd hit rock bottom.

I milked the cow "We don't have a cow" the neighbors' cow then "Their cat?" Pretty sure it was a cow he was saying moo "Meow" Ah shoot

Dear Shirtless Guy in his Profile Pic, You REALLY want to impress girls? Get a job & pose in front of your cubicle.

The IRA have been fighting for Irish reunification since the 70s. . . All they needed to do was vote for the Conservatives.

How many Reddit admins does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they like to keep the mods in the dark.

Why is Chapstick so popular? Cause it's the balm baby!

What is the best advice to give a worm?  Sleep late.

If I was antisocial I wouldn't have just ordered a pizza over the phone.

What's a sluts favourite drink? 7 Up in Cider

Facebook buys Instagram for one billion?!? Idiots!! They could have downloaded it from the app store for .99 cents..

I may not be getting laid tonight, but I'm definitely banging my snooze button in the morning.

I want to make a series about the murder of an airline crew but I still have to shoot the pilot.

My friend always wanted to work in animation, but never got past the interview He just couldn't understand the difference between a professional "colorist" and a professional "racist"

[sees a zebra for the first time] What's up with that horse? [sees a giraffe for the first time] Okay, what the hell is going on today?

so as I went in to vote this morning, an old lady told me to make sure I voted for the candidate that could make change. Boy, is my bank teller going to be surprised!

You're so fat and unfunny... that the only punchlines you have are stained on your shirt.

A kiss will make her day But anal will make her hole weak

Glue is weird it's all like hey I want to stick these pieces of paper together wait I have an idea hand me that dead horse

Why are women and children evacuated first in a disaster? So we can think about a solution in silence

Waiting for the day when a girl finally says that I'm "the one," but isn't talking to a police officer.

Some people say Glenn Frey got pneumonia from the cold... But that can't be true because he said the Heat is On.

A duck walks up to a prostitute.... And says, "put it on my bill"

What is the best part about having sex with 23 year olds? There's 20 of them. (Works better in person)

My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart.

What did the Mexican gang member say when two large houses fell on him during an earthquake? Get off me, homes.

"You're a unit of power Joe." "I'm a Watt?"

I once bought an e. e. cummings poem collection.. It was the worst game of Mad Libs ever.

Why is it that the more numbers someone has in their e-mail address, the less I respect them?

What does the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator? Shut the door im dressing

My bank account status is more scary than the Conjuring!

If you ever need help learning C++, I can give you some pointers. And you can keep me as a reference.

What have you done wrong if the wife keep complaining when you try to watch TV in the living room? You made the chain too long in the kitchen.

A good rule of thumb is to never be in Liam Neeson's movie family.

If you pour two beers in one glass, it's just one beer.

Why was the baby ant so confused? Because all of his uncles were ants!

Don't buy whitening toothpaste It says guaranteed whiteness in 14 days. 15 days have come and gone... and I am still asian.

After the Thanksgiving dinner, everyone says (-1)/8

Simba - "welcome to... The bone zone" Nala - "the what?" Simba - "elephant graveyard. I said elephant graveyard"

How are doctors so well tempered even under heavy stress? They have a lot of patients

I wonder if dog's had facebook, would they put our picture as their profile picture.

Why are Native Americans the most successfull strippers? Because when they dance, they make it rain.

My ex-girlfriend was a slut. She bust more nuts than a pistachio junkie. edit: Going through a potential breakup, so if you see this, this isnt about you, babe. Dont leave me, please.

Why Did the Ebola Patient Cross the Road? Trick question. There are no roads in Africa.

ME: Haha you can tell them any name and they have to say it BARISTA: I have a latte for "A Person Who Deserves Love"? ME [crying]: Hahaha

Peter Pan escaped the adult world... ...by becoming an alcoholic. He goes by Peter the Panhandler now.

How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony? It's not hard

My Grandfather had the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.

You just know I knew my girlfriend was furious when I blew my load early last night....I could see it in her eyes

FOR SALE: Faulty Guitar. No strings attached.

An atheist, a vegan, and a crossfit fanatic walk into a bar... Who talks more?

How is light beer like having sex in a canoe? They're both fucking close to water.

How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles. I'll see myself out.

What do you get when you cross an insomniac, agnostic and a dyslexic? Someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a Dog.

What do you call a number that won't sit still? A roamin' numeral. :P

Where do drinks go on vacation? Coaster Rica

I farted in the Apple store and everyone got pissed at me. Not my fault they don't have Windows.

I left Stephen Hawking like 8 voice mail messages before I realised he'd picked up every time.

My terrible Joke but I never forget it. A dyslexic man walked into a bra....

What type of school did Sherlock Holmes go to? Elementary :)

Believe it or not, my wife and I were actually matched on Tinder. We'd been married for 12 years.

I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream. This kid working at Baskin Robbins is pretty scared. Now he's crying in the corner.

So a Trabi owner pulls up to a gas station... ...and says to the attendant: "Two windscreen wipers for my Trabi please." The attendant replies: "That sounds like a good deal!"

How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb? None, because they'll just beat the room for being black!

Coffee so good it helps a little old lady cross the street.

Why did the semen cross the road? Because I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.

What did nazi pilots eat for breakfast? Luftwaffles

So a blind man walks into a bar He hurts himself pretty badly.

If you're not one of the first five boys in the yard, you almost never get a milkshake.

sometimes i visit websites that have videos of people making love

Why aren't Tyler Perry movies for the light-hearted? They're dark comedies.

Every woman I've ever been with only saw me the way they wanted to see me... ...in their rearview mirror.

How do you tell the circumference of a pecan Pecan pi

How do you figure out which contestant in a Ms. America pageant is a prostitute? Look for the one with the sash that says "I da ho".

Ethiopian Cuisine... is a bit bland. It tastes like nothing.

I love raccoons. Part cat. Part dog. Part rodent. Part bear. Little people hands. What's not to like?

[Google search history] Moles How to kill moles How to make homemade bombs Rescue moles from cave-in Dealing with regret Mole stew

A guy walks into a bar... Ouch.

Standing in the park, I was wondering why a Frisbee gets larger the closer it gets. And then it hit me.

When in doubt, just do the opposite of whatever the person wearing pajamas in public is doing.

[Ouija board] Spirits are you there? U R C U T E D O Y O U H A V E K I K *flips board*

Not being able to read because your book ran out of batteries is a pretty hilarious first-world problem.

My internet connection on my farm was be terrible until I moved the router in the horse barn. Now I have stable WiFi.

Putting captions in the wrong place You know what I hate the most...?

What does a sheep call a film it doesn't like? a baaahhhd movie. (   )

An irishman walks out of a bar...

Brexit There is a new slimming product in town. It is called Brexit. It'll help you lose a lot of pounds.

Orange Julius is the third best thing to happen to oranges behind mimosas and the "orange you glad I didn't say banana" knock knock joke

What is a bear's favourite drink ?  Koka-Koala !

Why do golfers wear 2 pairs of pants? Incase he gets a hole in one

How do you stop a baby from crawling in circles? Nail its other hand to the floor.

What is the favorite food joint of dubstep makers? Sub-WUB-WUB-WUB-way

Two fish are in a tank... One is driving, and the other is manning the guns.

Steve wrote home. 'I'm glad you named me  Steve' he said in the letter. 'Why?' asked his mother in her reply. 'Because that's what all the kids at camp call me' he wrote  back.

Do hamburgers make good vampires? No because they always find themselves in ghoulash situations!

Whilst at college I did experiment with marijuana. I did it in snow, I did it in sleet, but I did not in hail. ^-- ^Ed ^Byrne

I paid 10.50 for a movie ticket to watch Tom Cruise die continuously for 2 hours. I would have paid a hundred dollars to watch that.

A Spanish magician announced that for his final trick, he would vanish into thin air. He counted down: uno, dos, then POOF! He was gone, without a tres.

Is that mine? I was walking down the street when I saw black guy with a laptop. Is that mine? I thought. It looks exactly like mine... but that can't be... Mine should be at home cleaning my shoes.

A Bug's Mind What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when he crashes into a windshield? His asshole.

My mom recently bought a Jesus shaped flashlight When I asked her why she said: So whenever someone says "I can't see" I can be like "here, let Jesus light the path"

Why is my Chinese girlfriend so bitchy? Well it's true, you are what you eat.

They just found a Black guy hanging from a tree with 79 stab wounds in Alabama.... The police say it's the worst case of suicide they've ever seen

Q: How many Kings of Spain does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Juan

Don't you just hate it when people answer their own questions? I do.

The hotel we stayed in for our holiday offered bed and board but it was impossible to say which was the bed and which was the board.

My new cooking show, "Will Sasso Cooks With His Exposed Dick Really Close to the Food" premieres tonight (8/7 Central) in my mind. Be there!

*nose hairs growing out of control *buys tiny scissors *jam them in the eyes of whoever I catch staring at my nose hairs

I'm trying to write a poem for my girlfriend, does anyone know what rhymes with threesome?

Pro tip: If a woman asks you how she looks, the correct answer is not "like Dan Aykroyd."

I complained to my wife that I was short staffed at work She responded "yeah, and you have the same problem at home"

I overheard two female coworkers say there was a creepy dude listening to their conversation.

What do you call kangarooo jump and play hocky? the fam copter

What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun? Luke warm

What's black and white and red all over and can't get through a revolving door? A nun with a spear through her head.

What idiot called her a Hot Indian Girl and not a Bomb Bae

Ignorance is not bliss. It's just a fancy word for stupid.

What did the Marine Biologist say when he saw two eels making love? "It's a Moray."

I submitted 10 of my best puns to a Joke competition expecting at least 1 to win, but... No pun in ten did..

Shoutout to people who don't know what the opposite of in is. I'll give you some time for this one.

Did you guys know that water can talk? Water you talking about?

ME: all the King's horses and men couldn't put u back together HUMPTY DUMPTY: what now M: [opening package of bacon] I'll think of something

How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw on a light bulb? TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!

If chopsticks were really better than a fork... ...wouldn't we be digging ditches with pool cues?

First woman on the moon W: Houston, we have a problem H: What is it? W: Nevermind its nothing H: What is the problem? W: Nothing... H: Tell us what the problem is! W: NO!

Thank god I have the newest, fastest iPhone so I can mindlessly check the same three apps 500 times a day.

Jared Fogle was guilty and got 16 years He was just grateful for anything under 18. Credit to SNL that joke might have converted me to watch.

What's an STD's favorite kind of pizza? Heperoni

This hating of people who breast feed in public places has to stop! I'll raise my dog however I like.

A woman's JJ sized breasts saved her life in a car accident. Those same breasts were the cause of her husbands death in a motorboating accident.

Recent studies show that 1 out of 3 Americans weigh as much as the other 2 put together.

[date gets back from the bathroom] those batman toys in the tub are so cute! How old are your kids? "kids?"

I just Googled 'Nicolas Cage jokes' and it showed me a list of every film he's been in. Well played, Google.

I've been listening to the official workout station on Pandora for 3 months and I'm still fat, I'm calling bullshit.

I was going to break up a fight between two Rabbis... But they were just arguing semitics.

Pavlov's doorbell One tuesday afternoon Ivan Pavlov is reading the paper, when his neighbour rings the doorbell. Ivan jumps up out of his chair, suddenly remembering: "Shit, I need to feed the dogs!"

What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing they were both stuck up cunts.

HER: You look so nervous. ME: *nervously* HA. I'm never nervous. HER: You're sweating. ME: *just freaking out* That's bravery moisture.

When I was 8 years old, my dad got me with the worst dad joke ever. He said he was going to the store and would be back soon...

Do you hate yourself? Do you wish someone would trip you down stairs? Do you enjoy lacerations & and surprise vomit piles? *hands you a cat*

I found where my mom hid the scissors, so everyone in my house woke up with a new haircut this morning.

What do you call the retarded guy that follows the band around? The Drummer

What is the best thing about twenty six year olds? There are twenty of them

Why was there semen on the clean laundry? When Greg woke up, his mom had left a note reading, "Please put a load in the washer"

What did the Mexican say when I pushed him on the lawn? Grassy Ass!

I once was bored so I decided to eat a clock to *pass the time*. It was very *time consuming*. Yuk yuk yuk yuk yuk

What do you call a grammatically incorrect horse? An horse.

Have you ever seen those "Give a penny, take a penny" things at convenience stores??? that makes no cents

Me: .... Dog: ... Me: .... Dog: ... Me: ... Dog: ... Me: .... Dog: ... Me: ... Dog: ... Me: ... Dog: have the shrooms kicked-in yet? Me: ..

I bet if I were a MAN Apple wouldn't tell me my password ideas are weak.

if people really didn't want to hear smartass responses they wouldn't keep asking questions like "do you know why i pulled you over?"

I have this fun drinking game where you take a drink every time you'd like one because you're an adult and you can make decisions yourself.

I'm sorry, Black Lives Matter is actually a peaceful and forward thinking movement that our society needs... Now if you could all stop sending me death threats on twitter that would be great.

My girlfriend left me after I broke her wheelchair..... Oh,, I think she'll come crawling back soon..

Someone should invent a version of Twitter for people who spell things like rappers. They could call it "twita". Dat would b nize

NSFW Men are like a deck of cards... You need a heart to love him, a diamond to marry him, a club to smash his fucking face in and a spade to bury the bastard!

The Grapes of Wrath 2: The Raisins of Revenge

Yes, life is meaningless, but some of the food is decent.

"You know what." -- They.

I don't like drive-thru's I think it's money out the window.

What do you call a Chinese conga line? A Chu Chu train

Why was pregnant Cinderella late to the ball? Miscarriage

THE HORROR! *splat THE TRAGEDY! *splat IT'S AWFUL! *splat SO MUCH BLOOD! *splat WHY IS THIS HAPPENING?! *splat -It's raining men.

What the quickest way to a mans heart? Though his chest with a knife

*watching Dateline* wow this is the worst dating show ever

Where do you find an enlightened mosquito? In Bhuddapest

Guy comes home with a flower bouquet... "Guess I'll have to spread my legs now", says the wife. "Why? Don't you have a vase?" the husband replies.

Two rabbits were being chased by a pack of wild dogs... One says to the other "should we stop and outnumber them?" ... &amp;nbsp; "keep running you fool we're brothers!!"

I just got a new job at a gay magazine. I'm a poofreader.

No one is more unnecessarily confident than a white person that just ordered Mexican food in a Spanish accent.

If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately.

What do you call it when two designers argue about what file type to export a graphic to? Getting into a bit of a .tiff!

A doctor reaches into his pocket and finds his rectal thermometer He says "Shit, some asshole took my pen!"

how many people does it take to save the world? zero (compliments to my SO who thinks she made this up)

How do skeletons reproduce? They bone.

Finally got around to shaving my crotch after a few years. Its nice to see my knees again.

I'm ready for the cop-buddy film where they actually get along in the beginning but hate each other by the end.

How many people does it take to change a light bulb in Brazil? A Brazillion!!! http://imgur.com/c4CJjUd

How do you make an Amish woman happy? Three Men-A-Night

Letsh Have Shex! -Horny Sean Connery

If two people had a race and one had sand in his shoe but the other did not, who would win? The one with sand in his shoe -- if it was quicksand.

I know dream catchers don't work because I've never seen one in a car worth more than two thousand dollars.

Thankful that Five-Fingered Shoes company doesn't make pants.

When is a pedofiles favorite part of a hockey game? Before first period

What do you call a vegetable who has escaped prison? An escapea

At my last checkup the doctor said he needed a urine sample, a semen sample and a stool sample ... ... I said " Doc, I can speed this along - I'll just leave you my underwear !"

[pulls out acoustic guitar at a funeral] alright everyone stop being all [finger quotes] sad this next 1 is dedicated to a very sexy widow.

If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.

Life is like art done in chalk, beautiful but temporary, enjoy it while possible.

If there are three gay guys in a bath and a lump of cum floats to the surface, what do they say? Who farted?

Why the gills in the sea don't drink tea even though there is plenty of water That will make them all guill tea!

Taking calculus has made me want to become Prime Minister of a European country Then I can just throw money at problems instead of trying to integrate them.

My friend used my todo list to roll a blunt He's high on my list of priorities

From now on when skinny girls say they're fat I'm just gonna be like, "Yup" & walk away.

What did the homeless person say to the gay job interviewer when asked for his address? No home-o.

How many people with dementia does it take to change a lightbulb? To get to the other side.

What type of fruit is not allowed to get married? Cantaloupe...

I like my women like I like my coffee... I don't fucking like coffee.

butts are truly the final frontier. to think we know more about SPACE than we do about the human butt. two fleshy mounds of mystery & wonder

I find like geologers make really good friends... ...they are very down to Earth.

I keep getting the urge to purchase a big white bear from the artic... ...Doc says I might have "Buy Polar" disorder! EDIT: arctic*

Heading to Chinatown after work... I heard it's Erection Day.

How do you get a gay man to fuck a woman? Shit in her cunt.

I want to start a coffee shop that only plays ambient/electronic music... and call it Brian Beano.

I like my girlfriend's new glow-in-the-dark braces... ...her smile really lights up the room now.

This bank pen tastes like it's been in a lot of other people's mouths

Redditors don't like this [Deleted]

Mom writes to her son in Poland's army: "Dear Son, I am writing this letter ever so slowly..... ....because I know you cannot read fast"

Did you hear about the calendar thief? He got 12 months; they say his days are numbered!

The best thing about adolescent humor... is that it never gets old!

I hate how the losers of every election maintain such a high view of themselves... They're conceded

I didn't see mommy kiss Santa, but my sister saw her kiss the mailman, which explains why I'm the only one with brown eyes in the family

Why did the vampire attack the clown? He wanted the circus to be in his blood.

"It's 5 o'clock somewhere." - a shitty watch.

How do I know when your sister's on her period..... Your dad's dick taste like blood

What do you call going Doctor to Doctor... What do you call going Doctor to Doctor to figure out what your inflammatory bowel disease is called? A Game of Crohn's.

What's the difference between a pizza and a black man? The pizza can feed a family of 4.

Knock knock. Who's there? Benjamin. Benjamin Who? Yes, Benjamin Netanya Who.

If you hear the words "oh yeah, suck it" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just me vacuuming.

A photon walks into a hotel The bell boy walks up and asks, "Do you have any luggage?". "No," says the photon, "I'm traveling light."

If your'e anxious and you know it..... ...clasp your hands.

its macaroni and cheese not macaroni and steve

People always complain that I'm "out there." [On the phone. To the cops. While I'm sitting in their birdbath.]

*job interview* Why do you want to be a psychiatrist? *pictures clients acting like chickens after I click my fingers* I want to help people

Here's two short jokes and a long joke: joke. joke. joooooooke.

"911, what's your emergency?" Me: A cute guy at the laundromat walked past me while I was folding my period underwear.

What do you call a relaxed redneck? A chillbilly.

Dog's Facebook status: Tried to save the master from the vacuum cleaner today... He just yelled at me.

Ever since the news came out about Samsung.... Their phones have been blowing up.

Osama Bn Laden Jokes in the title.

What is the term for a group of Canadians? Is it "an apology"? "Oh look, there goes an apology of Canadians"

Trump wants to appoint Ben Carson to the Department of Education, but I think he would do better in the FDA He can feed everyone with all of the grain in those pyramids.

Putting a woman on a $10 makes sense . . . . . . no one really wants a 1 or a 5. (As heard on Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me)

I always check my smoke alarms to make sure they're working. I call it "cooking"

[wife looking at pictures of my dead body with police] "why isn't he wearing a shirt" we believe he removed it when he challenged the coyote

Put the punchline in the title. How do you piss off a redditor?

I just found out I am a hipster Because I started using #NotMyPresident 8 years ago.

What's the difference between a computer and a woman? A computer only has to have information punched into it once.

I just released my mixtape in Tianjin. It was da bomb. Too soon?

How to meet a girl: 1) Walk into a bar. 2) Shout "Heroes in a half shell." 3) When a girl yells back "Turtle Power," marry her.

What's the sharpest thing in the word? A fart. It goes right through your pants and doesn't leave a hole.

*calls into work* "yo boss i'm real sick" "you don't sound sick..." "ya, just got a new tribal tat & heelys" "wow u do sound hella sick"

I'm not saying that girl's a slut... But she has touched more wieners than Heinz ketchup.

A Kiss can make my whole day... But anal could make my hole weak

The best joke you'll never hear

how are a silver medalist and a priest alike They both came in a little behind

I wonder if a ghost has ever watched me masturbate.

S is my favorite letter because it changes biscuit to biscuits.

Saw a homeless guy babbling about conspiracy theories that doesn't really make sense... You could say it was a vague rant.

Blessed are those who are cracked, for they are the ones who let in the light!

Remember before Amazon reviews when you could just buy a toothbrush without 6 hours of research?

Don't judge me because I like 80's music. Judge me because I had a late term abortion because a baby would ruin my holiday plans.

When someone uses the bathroom and asks about the wine cork floating in the toilet is why I don't invite people to my house.

What's a con-artists favorite holiday? Scamentine's Day.

An infectious disease enters a bar... the bartender says,"we dont serve your kind here". The disease replies, "well you're not a very good host!"

If four out of five people suffer from radiation poisoning... Does that mean the fifth one enjoys it?

Having the option to erase and re-record after having to leave a voicemail is one of my favorite things about life.

My neighbours are loud and obnoxious. Now I know how Canada feels.

Stealing mosquito repellent... Jacking Off!

What do you call a small, noisy dog? A subwoofer.

September is Alzheimer's Awareness month... remind me tomorrow.

Well it's like my dad always told me "When life gives ya lemons" Chances are you're in the fruit aisle.

What English King invented the fireplace ? Alfred the grate !

I just saw the Assassins Creed Movie Trailer... I did not expect The Spanish Inquisition.

Why do Canadians do it doggy style? So they can both watch the hockey game.

Dad and son A son asks his father "Why does my bum hurt" while the father replies "Because I love you son"

Why does little sally have a limp? SHE WENT TO JARED!

A programmer began to cuss Because getting to sleep was a fuss. When laying in her bed Looping round in her head Was: while (!asleep()): sheep++;

"Oh you just put lotion on? You're not going anywhere." - Doorknob

I see you've got your bill for using the Internet Yes and my dad's really going to get the hump!

When do you kick a midget in the balls? When he's standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice

Islam is a race. Because it's inbreeds fucking each other.

Why don't you want your nose to be 12 inches long? because then it would be a foot!

Political Joke The Economy

Keep in mind that "The Cat in the Hat" is a lesson to your kids on how to throw a house party when you're gone...

What's a lumberjack's favorite director? TimBuuurrrrrrrton

Why do midgets laugh when they run? Because the grass tickles their balls

When someone tells you to "get a Life," just take theirs. They'll be happy you took their advice, and you'll be happy they're dead.

Day One, living in one of those tiny houses: "Well, isn't this quaint?" Day Two: Murder

How to get a job... Interviewer: "What's your biggest weakness?" Interviewee: "I never learn from my mistakes" Interviewer: "Oh, why's that?" Interviewee: "I never make any"

I showed my son a floppy disk today... ...he said: 'oh cool, you 3D-printed a save icon'

What do golfers do on nights out? **par**ty.

How does an Australian clean is bum? Bidet, mate.

I feel quite light today. Pounds aren't what they used to be.

"Beat up anybody you see drinking 7UP" -first rule of Sprite Club

Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.

Yo mama... Yo mama is so poor, she can't even pay attention

Difference between priest and acne? What is the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne waits until puberty to come on a kid's face.

Them: If you were stranded on a desert island with any two people, living or dead, who would they be? Me: Can they both be dead?

T Rex isnt so scary if you imagine a bunch of baby T Rexes watching Barney just giggling and rolling around on the ground playing with keys.

Since Michael Jackson's death hundreds of children have gathered at the gates of Neverland. Police have said that they will let them out once they find a locksmith. - http://ww.key-n-lock.com

Did you hear about the constipated dyslexic? He had trouble moving his elbows.

Why are mountains so funny? Because they are hill-areas

